hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film tumbid
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
this hindi movie opens up with a
meaningful quote from the indian
philosopher mahatma gandhi where he
states the world has enough for
everyone's need but not for everyone's
greed
it seems like the story will revolve
around this idea
cumberland took eight years to be
completed the people who worked behind
this focused on details that will surely
leave an impact on every viewer's heart
and mind a father tells a story to his
son
first the father introduces the goddess
of prosperity the symbol of food and
limitless gold also wounds the earth
it is said that when the universe was
created she gave birth to 10 million
gods but she only loved one her
firstborn hey star
but currently you will not find his name
in any recordings
the father states that it's because he
was greedy for all the gold and food and
the other gods attacked him for it
but before he could turn into dust the
goddess of prosperity saved him but on a
condition that he'll never be worshipped
and he slept in his mother's womb for
eons
but an ancestor woke him up and built a
shrine under his name
since then the village was cursed and it
never stopped raining
the boy asks why they have to wake him
up and it's revealed that this is
because haystar is a boon to them
the scene flashbacks to the year 1918
and tumbid village western india
it is raining so hard we see an old
person lying on the bed who seems to be
a local lord later on introduced as
sarcar
there's a woman giving him sexual
services
afterward she reminds him of his promise
that he'll give her the bold coin in
this coming new moon but he states that
earning it is never easy
the camera zooms into a creepy small
statue which seems to be haystar who is
that single gold coin in his hands
on the other hand two kids the nike and
sadashi are seen waiting for their
mother outside their home even if it is
raining so hard
they seem to be anxious by the thought
of having to feed the old woman in their
house their great grandmother
binay constructs sadashiv to go and do
the feeding instead
sadashiv is afraid but before he takes
another step his mother calls him and
smacks his head then proceeds to smack
phoenix afterward
their mother places more food and
approaches the old woman she gives them
a warning look so the kids step back
she carefully cuts the old woman's
toenails
the kid helps their mom shave her head
again and asks if she was given an old
coin
the kid receives a slap for swearing
he clarifies that they won't look after
the grandmother unless she gives them
the coin
his mom says the gold coin is no joke
anyway
right then we hear some coffin
whimpering so the mother stands up and
tries to go to where the old woman is
we can hear her whale let me go i don't
want it and i don't want the treasure
their mother kneels to the small opening
with a lamp in her other hand she
shushes the old lady without entering
her room telling her to sleep or else
haystar will come for her
the next day sarkar passes away the
mother takes her children and runs
towards their house and cooks food
she tells me nike that's the car is dead
and they'll start packing up and leave
the tumbid village now since nothing's
left for them there
pinak asks why can't they inherit the
mansion instead but the mother says that
they'll still starve in there for it's
not worth anything
the sun asks about the hidden treasure
in the mansion but the mother says
sarkar was not even able to find it
himself
vinayak suggests waking the chained up
grandmother their mother tells him to
try and wake her up instead the kids
converse outside but later on sadashi
falls off a tree and bleeds
the mother rushes during the night in
the hope to get treatment for her son
and instructs me nike to feed the old
woman this time and tells him that if
she wakes up tell her to sleep or else
hey star will come for her
the nike is now all alone in that house
it lights up a lamp as the mother weeps
for sadashi who dies along the way
the mother asks the driver of the car to
take her to the mansion instead
will see the night panicking and
struggling and flower falling all over
him
the knight hears babbles from the room
where his grandmother is he walks
towards the room and peeks under the
curtain then finally opens the door
revealing the monstrous appearance of
his grandmother her skin seems to be
peeled off while there were huge nails
on her face
she keeps babbling and avoids the light
from vinayak's lamp
she picks up some containers in search
of food
the nike realizes it and rushes back to
the kitchen the audio scoring in this
scene would leave chills all over your
body because it emphasized that
something would happen if the
grandmother wasn't fed on time
he tries to recall how the food is
prepared anxiously but right then
chain's rustling halts him to his
surprise his great-grandmother chains
him by the ankle and drags him with her
binay tries to shove her away using fire
but she's strong enough to pull him
trying to eat him instead then she steps
back in fear when v knight mentions
haystar's name causing her to fall
asleep
on the other hand his mother takes the
gold coin and returns for vinayak crying
as she picks him and then leaves the
village by boat
during the ride the greedy v night
pesters his mother he tells her that
there's still more time for them to
obtain the treasure his mother shuts her
protesting son with a gold coin but he's
not satisfied with it
as the rain falls the mother forces him
to promise never to return to tumbit but
v nike seems to be persistent in
searching for that treasure
the night grows up independently after
15 years he arrives in tumbled before
nightfall with a gasoline drum and
enters their old house that is now full
of spider webs and wild branches inside
like it has become one with nature he
finds a chain that's still on his great
grandmother but then finds a dusty
beating heart attached to the woods
he tries to wake up his grandmother who
spits blood afterward
he laughs maniacally when the old woman
speaks
this is the part where we'll realize his
true intention in coming back although
he jokingly points out that a tree grew
on her
he asked why she wasn't banished after
her husband died and she replies by
saying it's because they needed her
since she can go down the well faster
and she warns him to never go down there
or he'll be cursed like her
binac asks her where it is and bribes
her that he'll give her half if she
tells him where it is but his grandma
only wanted freedom
she asked him to burn her for her
eternal hunger can't perish but he can
make the pain go away
she says that he can choose to go back
to that mansion where the treasure is
located but not everything he inherits
should be claimed
vinayak's now doing what he can to
unlock the gates of the mansion
his desperation to escape poverty gave
birth to his greed
many days pass by and he never stops
digging and clearing up his way to find
the well
he fulfills the wish of his grandmother
and sets her on fire
he returns to puna city and finds his
wife who was actually looking for him
she tells him that she has no money left
so she starts a business of wheat
pinayak meets up with someone whom he's
indebted to and offers him the gold coin
in order to pay it off
that man is raghav and he'll be a
merchant who is now wondering where he
got it from but vinayak states that his
ancestral
every time he needs money he returns
back to tumba to steal the gold coins
one day sergeant cooper gives rob of
only a few days to come with the money
if he wants to be rich
upon realization raghav visits vinaik
unexpectedly
he proposes to become his business
partner but vinai politely rejects it
vinayak's wife gives birth to a son and
they are now wealthy
soon enough rago sells his
daughter-in-law to vinayak as a mistress
on the other hand raghav visits the
mansion in tumbad and vinayak follows
him
he probably knows that he wants to find
the treasure himself
vinayak goes down the well aware that
raghav's watching
raghave bites on the trap and attempts
to go down the well too
the blood red mud welcomes him from
below while the knight creates doe dolls
from above
the well resembles the inside of a womb
it is slimy and bloody plus the walls
and floor are breathing
the rope he used falls off the moment he
unleashes a doe doll inside a container
here's a growl from a distance and that
growling creature attacks him in a snap
the night climbs down the well and sees
the mutated raga conjoined to the womb's
wall
he orders him to sleep or else hey star
would come for him
the night picks the doll and teases
haystar who is desperate for the flower
in return the god throws tantrums and
mutates rock of more
binay throws the doll as he chases and
rips haystar's loincloth
since the gods distracted he picks up
the gold coins that spilled out of the
loincloth
vinayak throws the lamp to rogov to end
his suffering fourteen years later
vinayak still goes back and forth to
tumbid his son is already a grown child
named ponderong
it seems like he's been training his
kids and picking gold coins
the next day the night brings the
enthusiastic pandarong to tumbit vinayak
warns him about what's ahead they
proceed to make dough dolls in
preparation for training
once they are inside the goddess's womb
he orders his son to make a circle out
of flower because haystar cannot go
through it for those our brains grains
vinaik explains it further he also tells
his son not to bring a dough doll with
them earlier but since he secretly
brought one haystar attacks and almost
touches ponderon if only his father
didn't catch him
they climbed back up and his angry
father scolds him for not obeying his
order
they returned back to puna and
ponderon's mother interrogates him
regarding what he saw back in tumbit but
he refuses to spill it
afterward binac meets with some
businessmen who point out that he should
take the opportunity to elevate his
status
he finds out that the government will
lock up the mansion and build a new
village in tamid
binay shows ponderon is safe and reveals
all the gold there
the next day the night beats up his son
because he gives his mistress a coin
pondering blurts that they should steal
haystar's loincloth instead an alibi for
his father to stop beating him
accepts his son's suggestion
they go back to tumbit and make dolls
once again
unfortunately there are multiple clones
of haystar who have started crawling
towards them
indeed they are multiple now due to the
dozens of dolls they made earlier a
one-to-one ratio perhaps they hold on to
each other probably not expecting it the
night throws each piece everywhere to
distract the clones who try to eat one
but fights with each other since the god
himself is just too greedy
then a clone almost falls to the flower
circle vinaya catches his son and they
both fall down the floor that clone
turns into dust in a blink since it made
contact with the grain
the nike ignites fire since the light
they had earlier died
this is the part where he gets an idea
that is just heartbreaking a sacrifice
as a father
there isn't much time and choice
ponderon wakes up to his father who had
tied the remaining dolls to his body
he will use himself as the bait in order
for his son to escape since he's also
the one who took him there with him
pondering grabs on to his father and
tries to stop him but his father shoves
him off and takes a leap so that the
haystar clones would go after him
pondering escapes the well and manages
to stand above land
after a little while ponderon sees his
father struggle hard to approach him his
father babbling now just like his
great-grandmother and raghav but his son
sees his father's state
v-neck presents haystar's loincloth in
the hope of fulfilling his son's wish
ponderom refuses and cries hard as his
father insists for him to take it
with a heavy heart he throws his lamp at
his father and sets him on fire in order
to end his suffering
then he finally tells his father to
sleep or haystar will come for him binac
burns to death and his son leaves
without taking the loincloth probably
realizing that no amount of
materialistic treasure is worth a
person's life
the ending is very emotional but a
fitting one
you got what you wanted but lost what
you already had
in fact the father and son were both
greedy and it's true that realization
only hits you when times almost up
hey star symbolizes greed and greed in
reality means endlessness
another poetic thing here is that every
victim acts like a baby who only lives
to eat in sleep as if the curse is
remaining hungry even if you had become
immortal
that's it for tom bad i hope you enjoyed
and learned a lot on this journey
this is daniel cc movie channel stay
safe and enjoy your fun for today